I have chosen you and innocent among the
fallen not so innocent I know why you
brought me here
to kiss me
boys back home a punch Todd Fisk is
right in the nose when he tried you are
a beauty you think I'm beautiful
is he gonna marry you instead
Kelly Jordan young
he was gonna marry me suppose every man
in camp will be after me now
I gotta start wearing the long skirts
marry and move on don't see that no one
cares what we want less now
those header stolen for sure no one has
this as a herd round here and kills of
those suitors
their faces into their faces
cordyceps it's a fungus a parasite mom
dad I told them I told them something
bad would happen we could save them that
has to be away right and you and your
book there has to be something we gotta
do something so it's like a mind control
mush Jacqueline what your ear
oh let's go now we've gotta move don't
go come with me doesn't hurt details are
still forthcoming keep it here for the
very latest on this tragic story man was
murdered execution-style held on
Elizabeth Carlton was shot four times in
the head early this morning a crime
occurring in broad daylight Carlton is
the owner of a pet store on Grand
Boulevard where the shooting took place
she was 45 years old
you told her didn't you
huh I didn't say anything I mean either
tell me what dad got you an early
Christmas present Billy a car Oh Alex
okay wake up it's almost 8:30 what
why are you wake me up dad told me to
let you sleep in study mad no he's
making breakfast eggs and bacon I really
don't want to go to school today we've
got the stupid selfishness but human
rights or something and you know what I
hate everybody yeah yeah I know but just
get me hurting me
hilary somebody I'm sorry
well what about my dad he'll be fine
really I have no idea
I can't just leave him
it's not fair I know then why because
is sort of a natural order to things
natural order is stupid
thank you for helping me find my voice
you have a beautiful voice
you